Foot is the gal that belezinha that is what
this project here for you and I made some
ring changes is to place the lenses
of xr is an entry law and silver has been
beautiful
and only I tried to paint your daughter
Okay, let's not adapt
Hmm
a few days ago also know an accident
I spent a lot of time there and now
I'm coming back today in two
burglars only opened the swimsuit
will not change the sensors
it will stay like this
only I went from the idea of ​​a new ours
friends leave youtube
he gave the idea is that there was
asked if I would place the injunction
rabin
only he spoke of a good ball idea and
I acted back it was normal to
front turned white was very cool
the three lanes the service was an accident
the list of the 30 days is already there know
line here
poor thing
the this here is my twitter on twitter
Yes, I forgot to still touch the
part of her engine but I
I had to put a record more
this is a very big difference
the use iridium candle cable in boston
It is not my subject matter difference in the
bike is in the footprint and speed comes more
fast to her final touch and 160
there're my bike so here is my
twitter pg is for you a hug there
Marcelão is receiving 500 knew rolex
abração also need to see that he
video, I'm very fan of it.
the fine tite the comrade in
arrived 45 wagner termite rowing
he has honoring a fact
the wagner he has 1 95 looks like 97 show a
model
I forgot the model name
The bike is normal.
I have not finished yet another thing
the sun is also normal it comes here is
so that here already has passed for 14
almost 5 of são paulo makes a point almost
1 paulo passed a very big support in the
crash hurt here did it was just
hit here
good this my bike to you of the idea
if you want to do something like that in your
bike if you put cotton silver
put the blinks beyond the silver flashing
planet is also beautiful for you too
That's my idea for you, too.
I have not finished not doing several
other changes in the white wheel if
You have any idea, can you pass?
and write down there I'll answer
also starting now
the channel sign up that what I did
here I'll pass it on to you guys
I took the filter out of it, it did not improve
Also on the touch I'll do review
to see how she was because I
I saw there no that has an average of 250 that
He took his son off the bike and gave
air intake and low fuel
so the motorcycle is broke the engine
she exploded because it gave the poor mix
people win this week
if the personal candle you look at the candle
Of you have white her beak said
the top beak is white it's because
there 's something wrong saw is what
I'm going to change my gaze tomorrow on my ride.
here is my motorcycle
You can see that you want a hit.
different from the original for me
fundamental long she's lying on the well
normal She does not lie so she
stay well, right foot
A hug for everyone there and until the next